All right. Hey everybody. Uh, today
we're going to be talking about data
modeling. And so this has been requested
a ton and it'll be specifically in the
context of system design interviews.
Now, really importantly, if you stumbled
upon this video because you're a data
engineer and you're preparing for a
dedicated data modeling interview, then
you are in the wrong place. uh instead
we're going to focus specifically on the
limited amount of information that you
need to know as a software engineer
preparing for system design interviews
where within that system design
interview you're going to be expected to
produce at least a minimal data model
for your design. Now, in case you're new
to the channel, I'm Evan. I'm a former
metastaff engineer and I'm the current
co-founder of Hello Interview, where we
help candidates just like you prepare
for your upcoming interviews. So, check
out the other videos on this channel.
More importantly, head over to the
website. Lots of free content, tools,
etc. to get you ramped up.
>> Let's start with just the basics. What
is data modeling? Well, data modeling is
the process of defining how your
application's data is structured,
stored, and how it's related. Now, in
practice, this just means that you need
to decide what entities or tables exist,
how you're going to be able to identify
or find them, and how they relate or
connect to one another. And so, this
video is going to outline exactly how
you would do that. The first natural
question that people usually ask me when
it comes to data modeling in a system
design interview is when should I do the
data modeling? And it's a it's a totally
fair question. But before I can answer
it, let me put it in the context of the
hello interview delivery framework. So
if you've watched any of our other
videos, you're probably really familiar
with this framework at this point. But
this is the framework that we suggest
you use in order to walk step by step
through each phase of a system design
interview. So we suggest that you start
by outlining the requirements. You then
outline the core entities or the nouns
of your system followed by the API or
the interface. Optionally a data flow, a
highle design to satisfy the functional
requirements and then finally your deep
dives to layer on those non-functional
requirements um and enrich your design
with that added complexity. Now when it
comes to data modeling, it usually shows
up in two of these six phases. The first
of course is your core entities. This is
where you outline the core entities, the
nouns, the tables of your system. So
that's the four first step of your data
model. You know, what are the actual
tables that I'm going to be dealing
with? And then later on as you get to
your highle design in context, as you're
satisfying your functional requirements
and talking about how each API endpoint
will be served or resolved, you're
naturally then going to be in the
database talking about what sorts of
fields, columns, relationships, indexes,
etc. are needed in order to satisfy
those basic requirements. And that's
when you'll end up outlining the
remaining factors of your data model. To
make that just a little bit more
concrete, I'm going to zoom over here
and what I have is a full system design
interview. This is an interview for an
online auction. So went through the
requirements. Here are of course those
core entities. In the case of an online
auction, we list an auction, an item, a
bid, and a user. We outlined our API,
went through the highle design, and then
as we were talking about the highle
design, we said, for example, users need
to be able to create an auction. And so
that comes through to our database, and
here's what an auction is. Here's how it
relates via a foreign key, which we'll
get into more detail on this in a
moment, uh to items. Here's how it
relates to bids and how bids relate to
users, etc. We outline this all in
context when it makes sense in order to
justify how we serve or satisfy those
API endpoints or functional
requirements. Hopefully, that's a useful
example. Before we start actually
modeling our data, what you're going to
need to do is you're going to need to
identify the type of database that you
want to work with. This is because
different databases shape how you
structure your data and so this choice
will ultimately have a strong effect on
your model. Now I notice this in
interviews all the time where candidates
have this really strong temptation to
choose sometimes the most exotic
database type. Um strong suggestion to
you resist this. More times than not I
would say almost every time the right
answer can be justified to be a
relational database. Now, unless you
have specific detailed experience with
another database type um and you know
exactly how it works and how to have all
this hands-on experience, if that's not
the case for you, then I suggest that
you choose a Postgress database. If
you're learning system design either
from scratch or you don't have a bunch
of hands-on experience, just choose
Postgress. It's really hard for you to
go wrong with Postgress. Um now,
importantly, this doesn't mean that
other databases aren't worth knowing.
showing that you understand when they
might be useful, their trade-offs, this
can be of course incredibly valuable.
Um, but if you're preparing for your
interviews and you're learning from
scratch, as I said, stick to Postgress.
Uh, but there are four database types,
you can see them on the screen here,
that are worth knowing. And we're going
to go over these just really briefly at
a high level again because this is
foundational to us actually talking
about the modeling. So, we'll go over
relational database. We'll touch on the
document database really quickly, key
value store, and graph database. And
then we'll get into the meat of the
actual modeling as we go through this.
In order to show how the type of
database actually affects your model, uh
we need a simplified example. And so the
example that we're going to use here is
Instagram, but a really simple Instagram
that just has posts, users, and likes.
Now, in the case of the relational
database, which is where we'll start
here, this is relatively
straightforward. You're going to have
three distinct tables. A table for each
of those entities that you would have
listed in the core entity section. So
you'll have a po a user table. This will
have a primary key as an ID. And then
you'll have a post table which will
importantly have a foreign key to the
user ID that posted it. Again, more on
primary and foreign keys later, but just
calling it out so you can see the
relationships. And then you'll have a
likes table which has foreign keys both
to the person doing the liking and to
the post ID that is being liked. This
structure and the set of relationships
is really important because it prevents
orphaned data and it makes complex
queries really straightforward. Um, and
so this is one of the reasons why these
relational databases are often times the
the go-to choice in system design
interviews and really in system design
in general. So next up you have document
databases like MongoDB or like fire
store. And so instead of having separate
tables, document databases, they store
data as JSON like documents or
collections uh with really flexible
schemas. That's kind of the key here. So
what you see is that I've taken the
exact same data that was above in our
Postgress or our SQL relational database
example and I've displayed it
differently here. Now instead of three
separate tables, we're embedding that
post data directly into the user
information. So if you want to load John
and his posts, you're going to load just
one document here and you're going to
get all of that. Now we could have done
the inverse here too. We could have had
posts which had the user information
inside of it. that also would have been
fine. It's also not the case that a
document database forces you to
denormalize or embed data like this as
I've done here. You could still have
three separate collections, a collection
for posts, a collection for users, and a
collection for likes like we had above.
But the reason that it's often shown
like this with document databases is
because they don't have the same level
of support for joins traditionally at
least that relational databases do. Now,
I know as I said that many of you uh
correctfully in that are listening may
be thinking, "Wait a minute, Evan,
that's not totally true. Plenty of
document databases support at least some
form of joins." And you're totally
right. This is true. But at least in a
historical context, this is why you
would typically embed more information
into a single document um because of
that lack of support or lack of as
robust support at least for joins as
relational databases. Um now, all of
this aside, when would you use this in a
system design interview? Well, I'm going
to give you a hot take. The main reason
that you typically choose a document
database is because you want to support
schema flexibility. And so, you don't
know what you're going to need to add
next to this database. And it's
expensive to run an entire new migration
on a SQL database where you have all of
those constraints. So, in the case of a
document database, we just add a new key
value pair here to all of the documents.
It's flexible. It's easy. But I would
argue that if you're in a system design
interview, then you've explicitly
narrowly scoped the functional
requirements of the design because you
only have so much time. You've agreed on
that narrow scope with your interviewer
and this is what you are now designing
for the next 35 to 45 minutes. As a
result, almost by definition, there is
going to be no evolving schema unless
your interviewer explicitly throws that
at you and and not many do. So whereas
in the real world, this may make sense.
you don't know what requirements are
going to come up. Leaving room for that
flexibility may make sense in a system
design interview. I think it's less
relevant and thus it neutralizes one of
the main reasons you would choose a
document database over a relational
database in the first place. So again
unless you have vast experience here as
many of you may um go with a relational
database or Postgress instead. Now key
value stores they're the the simplest
database model to understand. You simply
store values and fetch them by an exact
key match. They're just key value pairs.
It's just like a giant hashmap where you
can only look up things by their key. So
for our Instagram example, you might be
able to store user data with the key
like user ID colon 1 and that's going to
give you the value of all the user
information. Post data maybe like post
colon, you know, 1 2 3. Um, and that's
going to give you all of the information
for that given post. Key value stores
are extremely fast because lookups are
so simple like we just described, but
they're also pretty limited. And so you
can't query like find all posts from the
last week or get posts by users that I
follow. You can only fetch based on that
exact key match. And so this means that
you typically again that word which
we'll go into more in a moment
denormalize heavy and duplicate data
across multiple keys. Kind of the same
thing that we were alluding to in the
document database average case. Like if
you want to load a bunch of recent
posts, well, you might need a key like
recent posts that you update every
single time someone posts. And now the
post data has been duplicated. It's in
its normal place with the key post colon
one. And it's also added to the list of
recent posts. Hopefully, you're
following that. Um the obvious example
where key value stores are super
valuable is for caches like Reddus uh
which are absolutely perfect for storing
really hot data typically in front of a
database like we have in this example
here. Uh but there are primary databases
like Dynamob that is fundamentally a a
key value database but DynamoB adds a
bunch of document like features on top.
So it's a key value document store
somewhere in between the two that we've
just described. So why does all this
matter? Again, Evan, bring it back to
interviews, right? In practice, you're
rarely going to use a pure key value
store as your primary database. Uh, but
you will certainly put it in front of
your database as a quick key value
cache. And so the example here would be
that I have my server. I've got all my
data stored in my database in a
relational database, but maybe I need to
have users feeds. And so those feeds are
here. A feed for user 1 2 3 that's its
key. And then its value is all of the
post information that it needs for that
feed. And you'll notice these are
replicated. This data is here and this
data is here. But this just is a really
quick, usually in-memory lookup in order
to get a user's feed. So key value
store, not in replace of a relational
database, but complements the relational
database or whatever your primary
database is. Next up, you have wide
column databases, which I actually just
realized I didn't put into the list
above. So apologies for wide column
databases. Uh, and I'll admit that these
are actually probably the hardest to
understand just because they break your
intuition a little bit, but I think we
can explain it fairly simply. The key to
the wide column database is what's
called column families. And so
basically, instead of having fixed
columns like we had in relational
databases for every single row, they're
much more flexible. Each row can have
completely different columns, right? Let
that sink in. Each row can have
completely different columns. And so if
we look at our Instagram example here,
we have users as our row, user one, and
then our column family is posts. Now,
within that column family, each post
gets its own column. So here's like two
additional columns, right, for each of
the posts associated with user one. This
might seem a little bit funky and it
like I said it breaks intuition a little
bit, but the motivation here is is
actually um maybe quite quite brilliant
in that it's meant to support massive
write volume. It makes writes incredibly
fast uh because you're always just
appending new columns rather than
updating any existing data. And so
there's no need to modify anything that
already exists or seek or find the
location of something that you need to
update the page that you need to update.
you can always just add to the ed. And
so because of that wide column
databases, they're perfect for data
where you have lots of writes coming in
quickly and you don't need to query them
um in some ordered manner as regularly.
So things like time series database,
event logging, um or scenario where kind
of old data is is rarely updated like
IoT sensors is another example, maybe
analytic workloads. Those are all places
where where wide column databases make
sense. As for your your interview,
again, unless you see a place where
there is a ton of write volume, you're
probably not going to reach for this
option. Even if there is a ton of right
volume, there's other ways to get around
it, like putting a queue in front,
batching rights. It depends on the
problem. Um, but that would be the one
place where you want to reach for and
learn more about wide column databases.
All right, last and and frankly least,
at least in my opinion, um you have
graph databases. And so graph databases
store data as nodes and edges. In our
example with Instagram, you have users
which are an a node. They have an edge
with a relationship of either posted or
liked to then what is another node being
the post. Uh the reality is my strong
recommendation is that you actually
never use graph databases in an
interview. Um I consider it to be a
common mistake actually I see and I see
it only from junior candidates for the
most part. they hear a problem that that
may support some graph and they
immediately think that they need a graph
database. Uh classic examples would be
like social networks like Instagram,
maybe recommendation engines where
graphs make sense. But here's a a fun
fact for you. Even Facebook models their
social graph using MySQL, just a SQL
relational database. And so if it's good
enough for the largest social network in
the world, it's probably good enough for
your interview. Uh and thus as has been
the reoccurring theme, I would avoid
graph databases altogether and just
stick with a relational database.
Really quick before we continue, let me
tell you a little bit about the most
popular feature on hello interview.com,
guided practice. It's an interactive
tool that lets you practice system
design interviews step by step using
that hello interview delivery framework.
You're going to walk through everything
from the non-functional requirements to
the core entities, API routes, all the
way through to your highle design and
deep dives, drawing on the whiteboard
and narrating your response, all while
getting real-time feedback on what
you're doing well and where you can
improve by a model that Stephan and I
have spent hundreds of hours tuning.
We've expanded the library to 25 of the
most common system design interview
questions now, and we're constantly
adding more. So, candidates absolutely
love this feature. I think you will,
too. Check it out at hello.com. Link
will be in the description. Now that
we've covered the database types, let's
talk about actually designing the
schema. The way that I typically do this
in an interview, and I suggest you
follow a similar approach, is I ground
all of my decisions in three key
factors. And now these are three key
factors that you would have already come
up with and defined either dying during
the requirement gathering phase of your
interview or during API design. Those
three factors are first data volume.
This determines where your data is going
to physically live. And so if you're
building a social media media app with
millions or billions of users like was
the case with Instagram, then you'll
probably need to spread that data across
multiple systems. This is going to drive
how you design your schema. It's going
to impact how you design your schema.
Second is your access pattern. This
usually comes from your API and it's
probably the most important factor. So
this is how is your data going to be
queried? A news feed loading recent
posts by followed users suggests that
you'll want to denormalize that data or
have a specific index so that that query
can be really fast. Now, this comes
naturally as I said from the APIs that
you've defined. You just need to ask
yourself what queries you'll need to be
able to support at each endpoint and
then how do you make them fast enough to
have a good user experience. And then
the third is the consistency
requirement. And so this determines how
tightly coupled your data can be.
Financial transactions need strong
consistency. So you'd keep related data
in the same database, but a user's
activity feed can handle some eventual
consistency. So you could distribute
that data across separate systems, maybe
even like a cache, which we described
just a moment ago with the key value
store. And so all the techniques that
we're about to cover next, we're going
to go through a list of techniques now
from entities, uh, keys, normalization,
indexing, all the things we've sort of
been talking about throughout. These are
just tools and technique techniques used
to address these three key factors.
Let's let's talk about structuring your
data within tables. And this comes down
to understanding two fundamental
concepts. First, the primary key and the
foreign key. And so a primary key is
simply a unique identifier for each
record in the table. That simple. You
can think of it like a social security
number. Every user in this case of a
user table gets exactly one. No two
users can have the same one. So in our
user table, our user ID would be the
primary key and it's just a randomly
generated ID or maybe a a monotonically
increasing ID. What matters is just that
it's unique. Um foreign keys on the
other hand, this is how we create
relationships between tables. And so
it's a field in one table that's going
to point to the primary key of another
table. In our post table, we would have
a user ID as a foreign key. um because
this is what is enforcing that
relationship that the post belongs to
this user, right? Uh okay, why do why do
primary keys and foreign keys even
matter? Well, primary keys ensure that
we can always uniquely identify any
given record. And then foreign keys,
this is really key or not to overuse the
word foreign keys. They enforce what's
called referential integrity, which is
just a fancy way to say that the
database isn't going to let you create a
post that references a user that doesn't
exist. So you can't create a post uh
that was created by an unknown user,
right? That's what foreign keys enforce.
So in the in the actual interview, you
typically want to call out what your
primary keys are and what your foreign
keys are. And so for Instagram, it would
look like this for us. Users table as
we've been discussing is going to have
the ID as the primary key and then
nothing else in that table. For post you
have the ID as the primary key and then
the user ID is going to be a foreign key
to the ID in the users table. Right? So
we know who created this post. When it
comes to likes and comments um you're
going to have foreign keys to both the
user ID. This is who's doing the liking
and the post ID uh the post that we are
actually liking. And a similar story
here for comments, the person who wrote
the comment and on which post they wrote
that comment, right? So you can see how
these relationships end up being
maintained. Um, now I see candidates get
tripped up actually all the time trying
to memorize and recite whether
relationships are one to many or many to
many. I think in many of the textbooks
they emphasize this as important. In my
opinion, this adds unnecessary confusion
and it's evident by how confused
candidates are usually trying to recite
that. Instead, my suggestion is just to
focus on defining your foreign keys
clearly and then the relationships
become obvious. When you say post table
has a user ID foreign key that points to
users, it's immediately clear that one
user can have many posts. When you say a
likes table has both user ID and post ID
foreign keys, it's clear that users can
like many posts and posts can be liked
by many users. So don't get caught up in
the terminology, I think is my point
here. Just be explicit about your
foreign keys and let the relationships
speak for themselves. The last thing
here is that you can layer in what are
called constraints. These are
constraints like enforcing that uh
columns are not null or the values in
the columns are not null or that they
are unique within the table um or check
these enforce the correctness at a
database level. And so the really common
example is that emails should be unique.
And so I put this example down here to
kind of ground you back in the system
design interview. In the interview
itself, imagine you're designing your
highle design. You get here you add a
database. You explain that your to your
interviewer the database you're going to
use in RSO in our case Postgress. And
then you might go into the data model.
I'm going to have a post table. The post
table is going to have a primary key to
post ID with a foreign key to the user
ID. The users table looks like this with
a unique constraint on email, the
comments table, etc. You don't always
have to write the foreign key for what
it's worth. Um I actually don't
typically cuz it's implied. Like I have
a user ID here and I have a user ID
here. it it's pretty clear that there's
a foreign key relationship there, but
especially if it's like a more junior
interview, it's good to to be explicit
here. So, you can write your keys and
your constraints directly next to the
columns as you list them off during your
interview, directly alongside your
database during the highle design. I've
mentioned normalization and
denormalization a couple times now in
this video, so it's probably about time
that I actually go ahead and define
them. Normalization just means that
you're storing each piece of information
in exactly one location. And so user
data lives only in the user table and
it's not duplicated across any other
tables. This basically prevents
anomalies where you might update a
user's email in one place but forget to
do it in another place. This is going to
lead to inconsistent data. Um
denormalization of course is just the
opposite of this. It's deliberately
duplicating data across tables and this
is almost always for performance
reasons. So in our example here we have
the user table and the post table. This
is in its normalized form. You can see
there's no duplicate data. Now if we
always wanted to be able to query the
user information with the post
information anytime we fetched a post we
wanted to know its users. Well, one
thing you could do in theory and careful
I warn against this a bit but is you
could put these all in the same table.
This would be the denormalized version
over here. So each post has the
information about the poster including
their username and their email. As
pointed out, this means that if you go
and update John's email here, but you
didn't update it here, you might run
into some issues. And so the trade-off
is pretty clear. Normalization is going
to keep data consistent over here, but
it's going to require joins. We have to
join these two tables. Whereas
normalization makes reads faster, but it
has the potential to create the
consistency problems when data changes.
And so in a system design interview, my
suggestion is that you start with a
clean normalized model always like this
one. And you only denormalize when you
have a specific performance need that
can't be met by indexing, which we'll go
into in a second, or anything else.
Often times, if you are going to
denormalize, it's best to put it in the
cache. So like we had over here, maybe I
have my normalized posts in my comments
or posts and users table in that
example, but I have a denormalized
version that exists in the cache because
I'm okay with some eventual consistency
in order to make feeding or serving
users feeds really quick. So next up,
let's let's talk about indexing. Usually
the first thing that you're going to do
when you need to make data access faster
is not to denormalize like we talked
about a second ago, but instead to add
indexes. And so indexing is the process
within a database where you create data
structures that help the database find
records more quickly than having to scan
every row. And so you have an example
here of what is a B tree index. I'm not
going to go into detail about how it
works, but it's a tree. And you can see
how instead of scanning to find where
user Evan is, we can walk down a tree in
order to make this login, right? Instead
of O of N. And so we can find the page
that has Evan's information and bring it
in. TLDDR. Adding an index makes
accessing that data faster, but you need
to be explicit about which columns
you're going to add indexes to. And so
for Instagram, we would add indexes that
support our most common queries. This
would be true of any system design
interview. So if we have an API endpoint
like get users uh ID posts, so basically
get all the posts for a given user, then
we need to put an index on user ID on
the post table. Right? Okay, this is
because we want to be able to query
posts for all posts by a given user. And
this is how we can make that fast. Maybe
we want to be able to sort by created ad
as well. So we would add an index there.
Same thing with comments. We want to be
able to find all comments for a given
post. That's our query. Well, we should
add an index to post ID. If we want to
find all comments from a given user,
this is actually a less common
operation, but if for some bizarre
reason it was needed based on your API,
you would add an index here, right? And
so you can see on the right how your
data model, your data schema is evolving
during the interview. As you're going
through that highle design, you're
defining what the primary keys, the
foreign keys, maybe you're adding some
unique constraints. You're specifying
which columns have indexes. And this is
the final output of the data modeling
portion of your interview. Of course,
this is in the context of your full
design that would be here. We're just
looking at only the database. Um, but
that's the key. Work backwards from
those APIs. look at each endpoint and
ask what query does this need to run and
then make sure you have indexes that
support those queries efficiently. Last
up, we we should mention sharding. So
when your data gets too large for a
single database, this would mean that
you've done the math and you've
determined that all of your data isn't
going to fit into a single node, then
you need to shard it across multiple
machines. And the key is choosing the
right partition strategy in order to
keep related data together. And so again
with our Instagram uh example, let's say
we want to shard by post ID. Then posts
with ids 0 to 10k might go to this
database, 10k to 20k to this, and 20k to
30k this database. But importantly, we
put comments in the same database as
their corresponding posts since comments
always relate to the specific post that
the comment is happening on. Now the
important thing is that we keep that
related data together so that we can
avoid what our expensive cross shard
joins. If I want to get a post and its
comments which is a really common
operation, I should have to just go to
one database. I shouldn't have to get
the posts from this and the comments
from this, right? And so in your actual
interview, what you're going to end up
doing is that we can continue to kind of
complete our data model by maybe
specifying what we're sharting by. And
so I would say I'm sharting by post ID.
I'm going to put that here. either shart
or partition and then similarly the
comments table is also going to be
sharted by post ID and I would argue
that the reason here is to keep related
data colllocated on the same database.
Uh so golden rule just to summarize
shard by your primary access pattern so
that you can avoid cross shard queries
whenever possible and your choice of
shard key effectively uh affects every
single query. So think really careful
about how you'll actually uh access the
data. All right, great job first of all
for making it to this point. Um, let me
take a quick moment just to wrap up. I
want to summarize all the many things
that we've talked about so far and try
to put them as succinctly as possible
for you guys to go off into your
studies. When you're defining the data
model of a system design interview,
you're going to largely do this during
the highle design. At which point when
you're first drawing that database box,
you're going to choose a database. This
choice impacts how data is stored.
Unless you have strong prior opinions or
experiences, you should choose a
relational database like Postgress. The
second thing that you're going to do is
you're going to outline the columns.
You're going to write them directly next
to the database like this. These should
be just the columns that are needed in
order to satisfy the functional
requirements of your system. Don't go
overboard here. Just keep it limited to
those that are strictly required. Next,
you'll go through those columns and
you'll add the primary and foreign keys
respectively. This is in order to define
the constraints and relationships within
your data. The fourth thing is that
you're going to determine what indexes
are needed. This is derived directly
from the APIs which you've already
outlined. So if you have an API which is
going to load all the posts for a given
user, well then you should know that you
should add an index on user ID in order
to make that query efficient. Otherwise,
we'd have to read every single row in
this table pulling out all of the rows
that have the user ID that was specified
in the API endpoint. Adding an index
will make it quicker. You can continue
to label and update your data model by
writing index next to it. Next, you'll
consider whether you need to
denormalize. Again, the assumption
should be that you always start with
purely normalized data and you
denormalize only if there is some rare
occasion where you need to make things a
lot faster by avoiding joins altogether.
If you are doing this, it's probably by
way of a cache. And so the example for
Instagram is that you would add a new
cache here which has a denormalized
uh news feed. Basically, all the post
information that each user needs in
order to load their feed. You can read
the Instagram breakdown, how to design
Instagram breakdown on hello.com if you
want more details or an example of that.
And then lastly, you're going to
consider if sharding is needed. This is
only if the amount of data exceeds that
which can fit into a single database.
And if yes, choose a partition key
wisely. And that partition key should
make sure that there are no cross shard
joins if at all possible. Now for steps
three to six here, this should all be in
the context of the three things you
defined early in the interview. The
necessary access patterns, the data
volume, and the consistency
requirements. If you're able to do this,
then you've nailed the data modeling
portion of the interview. You should
feel really happy uh and you can go on
and focus on the much more important and
interesting things like the deep dives
and all else that comes in a system
design interview. So, thank you
everybody for watching. I hope this was
informative. Please leave comments. I'll
do my best to respond to as many as I
can. Uh like and subscribe. As you guys
know, I always forget to say that, but
I'm not going to forget this time. So,
please do like and subscribe and let me
know what you want to see next. Uh we're
going to try to continue to pump out
videos at an increasing pace, and so I'd
love to know what you guys want to see
from me. All right, take care and best
of luck with your upcoming interviews.